Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/ov_infer_request.md

@endsphinxtabset

### Asynchronous Mode

> Asynchronous mode can improve overall application frame-rate, because rather than wait for inference to complete, the app can keep working on the host, while the accelerator is busy. You can use the `ov::InferRequest::start_async` to infer a model in the asynchronous mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asynchronous mode can improve overall application frame-rate. It is possible, because rather than wait for inference to complete, the app can keep working on the host, while the accelerator is busy. The `ov::InferRequest::start_async` can be used to infer a model in the asynchronous mode:
```

> **NOTE**: Use weak reference of infer_request (`ov::InferRequest*`, `ov::InferRequest&`, `std::weal_ptr<ov::InferRequest>`, etc.) in the callback. It is necessary to avoid cyclic references.

> For more details, see the [Classification Sample Async](../../samples/cpp/classification_sample_async/README.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the [Classification Async Sample](../../samples/cpp/classification_sample_async/README.md).
```

    @endsphinxtabset

> ## Examples of InferRequest Usages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples of Infer Request Usages

Presented below are examples of what the Infer Request can be used for.
```

### Cascade of Models

> The `ov::InferRequest` can be used to organize cascade of models. You need to have infer requests for each model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ov::InferRequest` can be used to organize cascade of models. Infer Requests are required for each model.
```

@endsphinxtabset

### Using of Remote Tensors

> You can create a remote tensor to work with remote device memory. The `ov::RemoteContext` allows creating remote tensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a remote tensor by using the `ov::RemoteContext` to work with remote device memory. The  allows creating remote tensor.
```
```suggestion
By using the `ov::RemoteContext` you can create a remote tensor to work with remote device memory.
```
